Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20449)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc.mdx

### 2. Configure SCIM in the IdP

> Setup instructions vary depending on the identity provider. In your identity provider, you will either need to edit the [original SSO application](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc/#supported-algorithms-for-generic-oidc-tokens) or create a new SCIM application. Refer to your identity provider's documentation for more details. For example instructions, refer to our [Okta](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/okta/#synchronize-users-and-groups) or [Jumpcloud](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/jumpcloud-saml/#synchronize-users-and-groups) guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup instructions vary depending on the identity provider. In your identity provider, you will either need to edit the [original SSO application](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc/#1-create-an-application-in-your-identity-provider) or create a new SCIM application. Refer to your identity provider's documentation for more details. For example instructions, refer to our [Okta](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/okta/#synchronize-users-and-groups) or [Jumpcloud](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/jumpcloud-saml/#synchronize-users-and-groups) guides.
```

#### IdP groups

If you would like to build policies based on IdP groups:

- Ensure that your IdP sends a `groups` field. The naming must match exactly (case insensitive). All other values will be sent as a OIDC claim.

> - If your IdP requires creating a new SCIM application, ensure that the groups in the SCIM application match the groups in the [original SSO application](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc/#supported-algorithms-for-generic-oidc-tokens). Because SCIM group membership updates will overwrite any groups in a user's identity, assigning the same groups to each app ensures consistent policy evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your IdP requires creating a new SCIM application, ensure that the groups in the SCIM application match the groups in the [original SSO application](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-oidc/#1-create-an-application-in-your-identity-provider). Because SCIM group membership updates will overwrite any groups in a user's identity, assigning the same groups to each app ensures consistent policy evaluation.
```
